[docs] Document support for testing in edge legacy (#4758)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/using-testcafe/common-concepts/browsers/browser-support.md

To run tests in a different local browser, specify the path to the browser executable file.

> > To test in Microsoft Edge Chromium and Legacy on the same machine, [install them side-by-side](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-sysupdate-access-old-edge#how-to-enable-a-side-by-side-experience-with-both-versions-of-microsoft-edge). Once they are installed, see the [Microsoft Edge Legacy Support](#edge-legacy) section below for information on how to enable testing in older versions.

Reviewer: One more `#edge-legacy` link here.

Author: Fixed

> > To test in both Microsoft Edge Chromium and Legacy on the same machine, you can [install them side by side](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-sysupdate-access-old-edge#how-to-enable-a-side-by-side-experience-with-both-versions-of-microsoft-edge). Once they are both installed, see the [Microsoft Edge Legacy Support](#edge-legacy) section below for information on how to enable testing in the older version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To test in Microsoft Edge Chromium and Legacy on the same machine, [install them side-by-side](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/DeployEdge/microsoft-edge-sysupdate-access-old-edge#how-to-enable-a-side-by-side-experience-with-both-versions-of-microsoft-edge). Once they are installed, see the [Microsoft Edge Legacy Support](#edge-legacy) section below for information on how to enable testing in older versions.
```

You can also create your own plugin. See [Browser Provider Plugin](../../../extending-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin/README.md) for instructions.

## Microsoft Edge Legacy Support

> Tests run in Microsoft Edge Legacy if it is the only Edge version installed on the machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tests are run in Microsoft Edge Legacy if it is the only version of Edge installed on the machine.
```

> In a case where both Chromium-based and Legacy versions are available, you can change the default Edge application in **System Settings** to enable testing in the Legacy version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Chromium-based and Legacy versions are available, you can change the default Edge application in **System Settings** to enable testing in the Legacy version.
```

> To achieve this, open **Default apps** in **Windows Settings** and scroll down to select the option **Default Apps by Protocol**. Locate `MICROSOFT-EDGE:` protocol and select Legacy Edge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do this, open **Default apps** in **Windows Settings** and scroll down to select the option **Default Apps by Protocol**. Set the `MICROSOFT-EDGE:` protocol to Legacy Edge.
```

## Nonconventional Browsers

> To use a web browser of a different type, you will need a [browser provider plugin](../../../extending-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use a different type of browser, use a [browser provider plugin](../../../extending-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin/README.md).
```
